feat: bootstrap arguments for permissions boundary (#22792)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk/README.md

By default, bootstrap stack will be protected from stack termination. This can be disabled using
`--termination-protection` argument.

> If you have specific needs, policies, or requirements not met by the default template, you can

Author: ```suggestion
If you have specific prerequisites not met by the example template, you can
```

[customize it](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/bootstrapping.html#bootstrapping-customizing)

> to fit your own situation, by exporting the default one to a file and either deploying it yourself

Author: ```suggestion
to fit your requirements, by exporting the provided one to a file and either deploying it yourself
```

$ cdk bootstrap --template bootstrap-template.yaml
```

Out of the box customization options are also available as arguments. To use a permissions boundary:

> 

Author: Created reminder: https://github.com/orgs/aws/projects/77/views/2#

$ cdk bootstrap --template bootstrap-template.yaml
```

Out of the box customisation options are also available as arguments. To use a permissions boundary:

> - `--use-default-permissions-boundary` indicates the default permissions boundary, supplied by CDK

Author: ```suggestion
- `--example-permissions-boundary` indicates the example permissions boundary, supplied by CDK
```

> - `--permissions-boundary` specifies, by name, a predefined customer maintained boundary

Author: ```suggestion
- `--custom-permissions-boundary` specifies, by name a predefined, customer maintained, boundary
```

> A few observations to add at this point. The CDK supplied permissions boundary policy should be regarded more as an 
> example than anything else. Take the content, create and customize the policy to your needs. That way, the reference 
> will be created via the CLI supplied policy name and, no matter how CDK might adjust the content, you will never have 
> to re-bootstrap your environments.

Author: ```suggestion
A few notes to add at this point. The CDK supplied permissions boundary policy should be regarded as an example. Edit the content and reference the example policy if you're testing out the feature, turn it into a new policy for actual deployments (if one does not already exist). The concern here is drift as, most likely, a permissions boundary is maintained and has dedicated conventions, naming included.
```
